Add banner instructions (#3510)
lsst-sqre/phalanx: docs/admin/outage-comms.rst

#######################
Communicating an Outage
#######################

Intended audience: Anyone who is administering a Rubin Science Platform environment, or covers for an administrator.

Putting up a banner
===================

The banners that appear on the RSP home page (:doc:`squareone </applications/squareone/index>`) are provided by the :doc:`semaphore </applications/semaphore/index>` service.

> The payload for the content of those banners is in the repo `rsp_broadcast <https://github.com/lsst-sqre/rsp_broadcast/>`_. You will need push access to that repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The content of those banners is sourced from the https://github.com/lsst-sqre/rsp_broadcast repository.
You will need push access to that repository.
```

"The payload of the content" is a weird turn of phrase, hence this suggestion.

The theme handles and displays full URLs to GitHub repos well.

.. tip::

    When changing messages on rsp_broadcast specifically you are allowed to:

    * Commit directly to main
    * Self-merge / skip review
    * "Edit on Github"

Steps:
------

> 1. Edit or create a message in https://github.com/lsst-sqre/rsp_broadcast/tree/main/broadcasts (if you are in a hurry and you have an issue affecting data.lsst.cloud consider editing 104_idfprod_outage.md on Github and committing directly to main)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Edit or create a message in https://github.com/lsst-sqre/rsp_broadcast/tree/main/broadcasts (if you are in a hurry and you have an issue affecting data.lsst.cloud consider editing 104_idfprod_outage.md on GitHub and committing directly to main)
```

2. Edit your message. If you are starting from an existing message
    a. Update the summary and body of the message (the body is what appears if the user expands
    the banner)
    b. Check the correct environment is listed in the message
    c. Set ``enabled`` to true (if you're ready for the message to go live)

> 3. Commit/push to main. The message will immediately appear on your RSP's landing page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Commit and push to ``main``. The message will immediately appear on your RSP's landing page.
```

4. When the emergency is over, repeat the steps above but this time edit the file to read ``enabled: false`` to take the banner down.

Here is an example of a message that will appear on data.lsst.cloud (idfprod) and data-int.lsst.cloud (idfint):

.. code-block:: yaml

    ---
    summary: Issues with catalog search from the portal
    env:
        - idfprod
        - idfint
    enabled: true
    ---

    We are aware of and are investigating an issue with DP0.2 searches in the portal

The summary appears on the banner, the body appears if the user clicks the "details" button on the banner.
See :doc:`environments </environments/index>` for the short labels for your environment.

.. seealso::

>     More information on semaphore and the syntax of its payload repositories can be found at https://sqr-060.lsst.io.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    More information about the syntax of Semaphore broadcasts messages can be found in the `rsp_broadcast README <https://github.com/lsst-sqre/rsp_broadcast/blob/main/README.md>`__.
    Information about Semaphore's installation and operation can be found in `the Semaphore documentation <https://github.com/lsst-sqre/rsp_broadcast/blob/main/README.md>`__.
```

I'd rather not point users to the design technote. Hence the suggested replacement of these links with the intended user and operator docs.

    Routine banners such as the Patch Thursday messages automatically go up and down using semaphore's cron-like syntax and you should not be editing them.

>     By default, banners are "scary red". For informational banners use ``category: info`` in the yaml header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    By default, banners are "scary red". For informational banners use ``category: info`` in the YAML header.
```
